feat(content): added support for visited link styling (#4067)
patternfly/patternfly: src/patternfly/components/Content/examples/Content.md

### Usage
| Class | Applied to | Outcome |
| -- | -- | -- |

> | `.pf-c-content` | `<div>`, `<section>`, or `<article>` | Generates vertical rythm and typographic treatment to html elements. |

Reviewer: nit...

```suggestion
| `.pf-c-content` | `<div>`, `<section>`, or `<article>` | Generates vertical rhythm and typographic treatment to html elements. |
```

> | `.pf-m-visited-link` | `.pf-c-content`, `<a>` | Modifies a visited link styling to `--pf-color-purple-600`. |

Reviewer: fixed the class name and also made the description less specific - if we update the color, we won't have to update this description.

```suggestion
| `.pf-m-visited` | `.pf-c-content`, `<a>` | Modifies all links in a content block to include visited styles. Can also be applied to a single link in a content block. |
```
